eldest young master
I'll find you the big table you joined the army today
Hurry up and do it!
Are you too sad about Mrs. Shao?
Of course, the one chosen by this young master must be an inexplicable pet
If you don't continue to look for the one in your heart, shut up.
Don't take care of anything
It's Master Lu, your dishes are complete
You did it all.
I'm not good at cooking
No.
How is this similar to a Michelin restaurant?
I'll go to the office and ask
Mom, why are you here?
I heard from Assistant Li that you are hiding and married
I'm here to honor the lady you chose, Mrs. Luya
This is your daughter-in-law
No good aunt
How long were you together?
1 year
Is it 2 years or 1 year or 2 years?
Say
Hotel entrance
What do you want from my son?
He was really nice to me.
I am willing to give me a home
This is the title deed.
Take him
Leave my son